RTC beta (#1778)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/auth/jwt-endpoint-setup-procedure.md

## JWT endpoint setup procedure

Follow these steps to set up a JWT endpoint.

 1. Setup a JWT endpoint on your server. Examples have been provided below.

>  2. Configure the `{{plugincode}}_token_provider` to that endpoint.
>  3. Make sure you copy the private key into the example code.
>  4. You should be good to go now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Configure the `{{plugincode}}_token_provider` to point to that endpoint.
 3. Copy the private key into the example code.
```

>  4. You should be good to go now.

Reviewer 2: no. note validation procedures _should_ be included where possible. This fourth step has been removed.
